Link to the environment variables that are available for setting (#5449)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/environment-variable-configs.md

sidebar: "Environment variable configs"
---

> Environment variables contain a `DBT_` prefix. Reference the [table of all flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags) to see which environment variables are available for setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables contain a `DBT_` prefix. For a list of all dbt environment variables you can set, refer to [Available flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags).
```

Author: Thanks @nghi-ly !
